other folks haven't done one of these
videos yet but kind of wanting to it
just seems to be maybe not as
interesting to people maybe we'll see
maybe there's a whole other community
around this around this stuff on YouTube
but this is actually a camera lens
review this is one of my primary you
know every day kerri lynn's if i'm using
my camera right again i'm shooting with
a DSLR canon camera it's a 5d mark two
so it's a of a beast of a camera weighs
a lot quality is high does HD video I'm
using it right now if you're looking at
is a macro HD of the Canon 24 2 1 105
lens it's the l series lens
four-point-oh aperture its image
stabilization and USM is widely popular
lens that you see on some do you buy
separately but it's popular with upper
end cameras fits canon of course on the
guess the left side of the lens you see
the autofocus in menya settings
you have the image stabilizer on or off
i have that on most times downside is it
could have an impact on your your
battery life you often don't really need
it if you're on a tripod but i don't
find it really makes an impact that much
on with what I'm doing when I'm shooting
so it's on most of the time cool lens
it's it's a it's practical it's because
of the zoom range is pretty wide it fits
a lot of subjects right so portraits
travel landscape though all those
subjects work really well if you've
checked out any of my my model
photography or any other
travelphotography I've done it's likely
that I've used especially on the travel
photography up probably almost all my
pictures are done with this lens some of
the model photography no but a great
deal of it it's not cheap but none of
this camera stuff is that cheap anyways
right it's a little dirty but you know
this is something that's going to last
for a long time decades that you know
ken doesn't change their format too much
so I'm going to have this round for a
long time good good sharp high quality
great color colors produced out of this
you can see the zoom here just like that
pretty self-explanatory for folks that
are in the cameras at the manual focus
here you know I this one is is weather
sealed I've had this in all kinds of
conditions a little bit of rain not too
much a couple weekends ago I had this in
a big sandstorm believe it or not pretty
good weather wise i do get occasional
crunchiness in the manual focusing ring
but it doesn't affect performance of it
all i think i could probably just take
some compressed air blow it out a little
more but it works good the up-close
focusing is not great certainly not an
ideal macro lens long distance it's
awesome right probably the the happy
zone or the best zone is probably 35 to
70 range for sharp pictures sometimes at
the low end the 24 range you can get a
little bit of an image distortion it's
relatively easy to fix and photoshop or
something like that but it's never been
too bad with this with this lens all
around pretty good
lens and if you're into you know this
type of high-end photography I would say
that check this one out and if you're
like me i don't i don't like to carry a
lot of lenses with me especially when
i'm just traveling around whatever this
is a good compromise it's still heavy
it's probably probably a pound if not
more so think about that you know you
lug this thing around but on your camera
it still makes your camera pretty big
but relative to some other ones out
there you know the only thing really
much smaller than this that's practical
for what I do is 50 millimeter prime
lens and that if I really want to go
light weight on DSLR that's what I would
use but check this one out I recommend
it here's some examples real quick but
Brenda doing a casual shoot here
outdoors we have bella doing a kind of
implied nude set and we have your a
swimsuit model that I think these are
all good examples of what this lens can
do thanks everyone
you